packages/atoms/src/components/kiwi-dropdown/readme.md, before:

# kiwi-dropdown



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property                      | Attribute            | Description                           | Type                                                        | Default     |
| ----------------------------- | -------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `containerClass` _(required)_ | `container-class`    | Css class to be applied to container. | `string`                                                    | `undefined` |
| `toggleButtonType`            | `toggle-button-type` | Type of the toggle button.            | `"danger" \| "default" \| "info" \| "primary" \| "warning"` | `'default'` |


## Events

| Event           | Description                                    | Type                |
| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| `closeDropdown` | Event signaling this dropdown is being closed. | `CustomEvent<void>` |


## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [kiwi-checkbox-dropdown-menu](../kiwi-checkbox-dropdown-menu)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  kiwi-checkbox-dropdown-menu --> kiwi-dropdown
  style kiwi-dropdown fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat(kiwi-atoms): kiwi-dropdown can now close on content click with optional property "closeOnContentClick", property "containerClass" is now optional

packages/atoms/src/components/kiwi-dropdown/readme.md, after:

# kiwi-dropdown



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property              | Attribute                | Description                                                                                             | Type                                                        | Default     |
| --------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `closeOnContentClick` | `close-on-content-click` | Setting this to true will cause the dropdown to close if a click is registered inside the dropdown-menu | `boolean`                                                   | `false`     |
| `containerClass`      | `container-class`        | Css class to be applied to container.                                                                   | `string`                                                    | `''`        |
| `toggleButtonType`    | `toggle-button-type`     | Type of the toggle button.                                                                              | `"danger" \| "default" \| "info" \| "primary" \| "warning"` | `'default'` |


## Events

| Event           | Description                                    | Type                |
| --------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| `closeDropdown` | Event signaling this dropdown is being closed. | `CustomEvent<void>` |


## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [kiwi-checkbox-dropdown-menu](../kiwi-checkbox-dropdown-menu)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  kiwi-checkbox-dropdown-menu --> kiwi-dropdown
  style kiwi-dropdown fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
